I am not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low prices.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Bad food and high prices
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is not flavorful, not plentiful and not reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Great place, great value.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably price.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
The martinis are amazing but the prices are expensive.
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Great service and food at a good price
Prices are not affordable and the quality of food is bad
Cozy place, great service and an amazing pizza
The price is high and the quality of food is horrible
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Prices absolutely not moderate and not appropriate
Last but not least, prices for NYC are ridiculously low and the personnel is warm and friendly
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
Service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was not incredible.
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
The decor is night tho...but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
Food is bad.
Service is friendly and attentive.
Ambiance is relaxed and stylish.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
Food is disgusting.
Service is top notch.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
The rice to fish ration was also good and they didn't try to overpack the rice.
We took advantage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
The food was well prepared and the service was impecable.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were bad.
The food here is not good.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The lava cake dessert was terrible.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
I think I've had some the worst meals of my life at minnow.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
This place is incredibly tiny.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
The food was bland oily.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
I went there for lunch and the lunch was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
Horrible pizza and bad service.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion and it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
The food was bad.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are bad.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Bad service, bad food.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
By far the worst salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
fine dining restaurant quality.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The staff is no nonsense.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
The food is a diamond in rough and the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
The bagel was small.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
The staff is absolutely professional!! 
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
Great vibe, lots of people.
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
Salads were bad.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
We both opted for a pasta dish and pasta dish were served timely and fresh.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
The sushi is amazing!!! 
Very affordable and excellent ambience!
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
Fish was overdone.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
The staff offers impeccable service.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
This place is so much fun.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
Our food was great too!
And really large portions.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
The place is a lot of fun.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
Great pizza for lunch place.
Service was quick.
The pizza was great.
Delivery is fast too.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
The lox is always fresh too.
Not impressed with the food.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Taxan horrible!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
I had the worst ravioli ever.
The wine the service was very good too.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The food was bad.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
Great staff.
Always great service!
The food is bad, I can't lie.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
Most importantly, food is horrible.
I am sad i did the food was horrible.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
the waitstaffs are nice though.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
The service was attentive.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
Food is horrible.
Fish is so very fresh.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The lobster sandwich is not good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is not great.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
Pizza here is consistently good.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
Decor is charming.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
The food was good.
The place was nice and calm.
but the service was a bit slow.
The buffet had a nice selection.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
Service was also very good.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
love the food.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
An excellent service
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.
The fish was really,really fresh.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
Delicious crab cakes too.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
The counter service is bad.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
Great sushi experience.
Unique apppetizers.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
The service is awful.
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
the turkey burgers are scary!
The sushi was awful!
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
Good, fast service.
Food is great and inexpensive.
The location is perfect.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
The place was quiet and delightful.
Service was not good and food is not wonderful.
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
I LOVE their Thai
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
The food now is inconsistent.
The setting is casual and romantic.
The food is excellent! 
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
The food was exceptional.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
Service is fast and friendly.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Great food, great prices, great service.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
The food was absolutely amazing!!
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
The lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!
The waiter was attentive.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
Quick and friendly service.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Good food.
I have never had cheescake like this.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
Pizza was a little soggy.
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
Authentic Pakistani food.
People are always friendly.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
The food was actually aweful.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
The food's as good as ever.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Staff is very accomodating.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
I would highly recommend requesting a table by the window.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
The food is great.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
I have to say I have never had a disappointing meal here.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Nice view of river and NYC.
Very reliable place to eat
 Perfect location for those traveling in/out of the city by auto or bus
 The 8th Ave location was very convenient and while busy, wasn't packed
The location in the heart of Manhattan adjacent to the Port Authority makes this an easy spot to grab a bite to eat
 Nice environment with a wide choice of beers
 It’s in a great location with windows that open out onto the pavement in nice weather.
Location is convienient to businesses, hotels and theaters
  Lovely atmosphere
  Boucherie is our new favorite neighborhood spot.
This small place has an amazing atmosphere of energy and yet intimacy
Nice and trendy place with a great atmosphere 
This is probably the worst place in total experience value in New York City
This is a fantastic place to eat!
 the atmosphere was amazing!
 the atmosphere was amazing!
 It's a very warm and cozy atmosphere with a trendy style.
 This restaurant has great decor and atmosphere
Hiding behind two great wooden door is this marvelous gem of a restaurant
